Hi Dr.'s Paulus and Kuplicki,
It is my understanding that recently Dr. Sen contacted Dr. Kuplicki to tell him that I no longer wished to continue my LIBR assistantship, and that a meeting with you three is in the works to discuss my decision and the rest of my funding for the summer.
In short, this is not true, and I owe you both an apology and explanation, but I'd like to preface with saying that ever since you both interviewed me, it has been my goal to become a full time employee at LIBR.
Over this past year I've come to greatly enjoy the people at LIBR, and as you both helped direct our TRD prediction project, my investment and enjoyment grew the more I worked on it.
I like coding machine learning pipelines, and learning about different metrics, like ROC scores, feature importances, how to get them, and how to correlate them - Dr. Kuplicki, as a wealth of knowledge on that front, it's great to always have your feedback.
Katie has also been amazing as she points me to different files she's already created to save me work - she honestly deserves half the credit of all the results I've obtained so far.
It's also great receiving your feedback, Dr. Paulus, which comes in different (though not disjoint) forms from Dr. Kuplicki and Katie as you have so many areas of expertise. The amount of hats you wear - from statistician to medical physician - as the Scientific Director makes you very fun to learn from. 
I feel much more confident with both of you and the rest of the lab group on my side in an effort to produce a publication as opposed to on my own. I appreciate being directed to the parts of a paper that I can write (with the help of generative AI :-)), and at this point am quite relived to hear I'll receive help with intros, topical importance, and references for who has done other related studies.
Those things are not my domain, but despite that, working together with you both as my mentors makes me unafraid at the prospect of writing up a publication on psychiatric research. 
When I look at the whole stage of our work, from coding up a pipeline, obtaining results, and writing up the results in whatever form I am instructed to form the part of a publication that is feasible for me to form, I've found my dream job. 
I really like learning from mentors and having interesting work, LIBR gives me both of those things, and I'd be an absolute fool to throw away such an opportunity.
On the other side of this, however, is the prospect of a dissertation. You've both helped me to grow quite a lot this past year - honestly the whole lab group has. But unfortunately, it simply hasn't been working out between me and Dr. Sen.
I've stressed the importance I attribute with the opportunity to learn from others, and LIBR gives me that, but Dr. Sen adopts a hands-off approach with his mentoring that has left me feeling very pessimistic at the whole ordeal.
I feel very lost at the idea of starting a thesis, what it could even be about, and what kind of literature I’d have to focus on. Relating something like that to my LIBR work seems very hard to do, especially given the very specific goal of my current LIBR project. 
I fear a long isolated road of just trying to put a dissertation together when I’m concerned that isn’t my best means of learning or growing, and isn't in my or LIBR's best interest.
This concern built up throughout this past year, and when I tried to confide in Dr. Sen and explain how I like working with people and am feeling isolated and in limbo regarding the dissertation, his responses were not helpful for me.
I don't mean to attribute blame to Dr. Sen - his mentoring process has worked great for many students - but it isn't working for me.
I was under the impression that LIBR had no interest in me if I could not complete a dissertation and gain a PhD, which Dr. Sen neither confirmed nor denied in our conversations. That assumption made me feel very stressed, and after that built up for a year I responded poorly in telling Dr. Sen that I don't think the LIBR path is right for me.
That was a statement I made while in a very poor head space, again due to the whole prospect of being stuck in a PhD program that isn't working for me.
I hope through my work and our interactions, I've convinced you that the LIBR part of my program - the work I'm doing and the part I'm playing in the lab group - is something I'd never want to leave.
But things are unclear to me, and there have been questions that I have been afraid to ask but realize I should have found the answers to a while ago. Not doing that has led me to cause Dr. Sen and now both of you trouble and headaches. Again, all I can do at this point is apologize to you both and be honest.
I don't understand what LIBR’s expectations are of me as I continue school - must I acquire a PhD in computer science? Does my advisor have to be Dr. Sen? Given my work for LIBR, both of those things seem unrelated to what I do for LIBR, but I don't know the nuances of LIBR's agreement with TU.
I'm definitely not closed to the idea of pursuing a PhD if that is what LIBR wants me to do. Again, my goal is to work for LIBR where I can always keep learning from people and have interesting work. But as I stated, I need a positive mentor relationship to make that happen, and I don't think Dr. Sen and I are compatible in this way.
I made a mistake in saying what I said under mental duress, and if as a result you both elect to not renew my contract, I understand and must accept that.
But I’d be really remiss if I let any kind of discussion or decisions take place under the assumptions that I don’t like the work I do for LIBR and want to leave, because neither of those statements are true.
I'd love the oppotunity to meet with you both to discuss these things if you think you could afford the time. 
Regardless, I want to assure you both that contract renewal or no, I'm going to get this TRD prediction project done as quickly as I reasonably can.
Thanks so much for your consideration, and again I apologize for any trouble or headaches I've caused.
Sincerely,
Mikey